[master < T945] Add periodic iterate docs (#945)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/cpp/periodic.md

---
id: periodic
title: periodic
sidebar_label: periodic
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import RunOnSubgraph from '../../templates/_run_on_subgraph.mdx';

export const Highlight = ({children, color}) => (
<span
style={{
  backgroundColor: color,
  borderRadius: '2px',
  color: '#fff',
  padding: '0.2rem',
}}>
{children}
</span>
);

> **Periodic module** enables users to execute a query periodically in batches. Periodic in this case
> does not mean that the query is executed after a specific timeout. It actually signifies that the results
> of some input source is being batched in order to speed up the execution time, due to the complexity of the
> query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **periodic module** enables users to execute a query periodically in batches. In this case, the name periodic doesn't indicate that the query is executed after a time interval, but rather that, due to the complexity of the query, the results of some input source are batched to speed up execution.
```

| Trait               | Value                                                                                                     |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Module type**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**module**</Highlight>                                                         |
| **Implementation**  | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**C++**</Highlight>                                                           |
| **Parallelism**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**sequential**</Highlight>                                                   |

### Procedures

### `iterate(input_query, running_query, params)`

:::caution
This module breaks the isolation levels in the database, as the results are batched and executed in different transactions. Do
not consider the query which executes this procedure to be aligned with set isolation level of the database, as every executed batch
is committed by itself. An issue while running this procedure will not result in rollbacking batches of committed results.

> :::

Author: There is only one procedure here. So I'd say both hold true

> :::

Reviewer: If there are currently no plans to expand this module with more procedures, i would just write the whole warning in the intro if that's ok with you :) (i can do it, just give me the thumbs up)

#### Input:

- `input_query: string` ➡ the input query which will yield the results that need to be batched
- `running_query: string` ➡ query which will be executed on the batched results

> - `params: Map[string, string]` ➡ parameters for the procedure

Reviewer: there will be more of them in the future?

Author: not sure

Author: possibly, but currently no need

>   - `batch_size: Integer` ➡ key specifying for many results should be kept in a batch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `batch_size: Integer` ➡ key specifying how many results should be kept in a batch 
```
